Beware of the Yhat Pack!


##Forecast use of a city bikeshare system

Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.


##Evaluation

Submissions are evaluated one the Root Mean Squared Logarithmic Error (RMSLE). The RMSLE is calculated as

sqrt( 1/n * ∑( log(pi + 1) − log(ai + 1) )^2 )

Where:

n is the number of hours in the test set
pi is your predicted count
ai is the actual count
log(x) is the natural logarithm


##Submission Format

Your submission file must have a header and should be structured in the following format:

datetime,count
2011-01-20 00:00:00,0
2011-01-20 01:00:00,0
2011-01-20 02:00:00,0
...


##Submission Limits

You may submit a maximum of 5 entries per day.
You may select up to 2 final submissions for judging.